Transport problem
Not able to concentrate with mask gloves and face shield 
No sop is followed in any exam 
No one take responsibility of student 
Chances of covid positive while travelling 
Under sich negative environment sir it affect the studies most

In the present scenario India is going through worst situation my clear point is that it's a rainy season in which their is a huge possibility to get infected with Covid-19 also transportation facilities are not proper  available in many states and many states are hitted by floods it's true that day by day covid cases will rise in more number but all students want postponed the exam until the rainy season will gone we just want some time until transportation and flood conditions gets normal because we know we can't predict anything about corona condition when will vaccine come and corona will gone 

Transportation problem.
I am a man middle class boy.
I don't have my own car.
And my centre is 300km away from my home.

Candidates ki testing honi chaiye+ quarantine. 
Then exams should be conduct not postponed.

Those who are saying do not postpone the exam, ooh please hmara bhi preparation Puri h but most of us are far from our centers and  it's not safe to travel in this pandemic,few of the aspirent are already infected, and Corona ho gya na then........., So plezz don't be selfish and don't worry , agar postpone hota h toh kesika loss nhi Hoga.

I just want the government to provide transport facilities and provide fund for treatment if anyone gets infected by virus.

My centre is 300 far...no trains are available

I have asthma and suffer from high BP.,my mother is a diabetic....I live in Kota and will have to travel to Jaipur. Really risky and difficult for us to travel at the moment. It will also be difficult for me to wear a mask for 3 hours and give the exam

Due to flood & transportation problem

Transport and floods are the major reasons

Bhaiya reasons are-
1.NO TRANSPORT FACILITY FOR EXAM CENTRES FOR 150 KM BALIA TO VNS.I AM NOT FROM THE FAMILY  WHO CAN BOOK A CAR FOR.   1. ON 2 SEP. JEE. ON 6 SEP NDA. ON 11 SEP BHU EXAM AND ON 18 ICAR. WHERE I WILL STAY😪

2.CHANCE TO BE COVID POSTIVE INC. AFTER THAT WE AND OUR FAMILY HAVE TO SURVIVE A LOT.THEN NO WILL ASK ABOUT US.

3.FLOODS IN VARIOUS STATES.

4.FEELS UNCOMFORTABLE IN THIS ENVIRONMENT.MASK PEHEN KE EXAM HOW IT IS POSSIBLE...

I have Asthma and cannot wear mask for more than 15 mins what if i get infected while travelling or crowd outside centre, also WHO says this virus is airborne

1 semester yessihi barbad ho chuka hai
Or kita badhana thik hoga......
Or jo postpone krne ko keh reh hai muje to lga ki unka syllabus hi nahi complete hai

Thank you sir for raising our words
I am having fever and cough since last 6 days including more 3 of my family members everyone of us are avoiding each others contact and wearing masks even inside home 
In this situation I am not able to study and think of going out my house to give the exam. I am not afraid of going to the exam but am afraid to risk more my family members life.
Even I were specs which chatchs the vapours while breathing this seems very silly issue but still it creates difficulty in focusing on the work. And one more problem is that it's raining heavely in Jamshedpur and might we face difficulty while going to th centres.

Government and Nta is conducting exams sir to coaching mafia

We all are practicing since 3 years but sir if jaan  hai to jahan hai as said by pmo so sorry sir for previous comments

I hope sir you understood the concerns of the students ....and they are genuine themselves. Some are definitely asking bcoz they are not well prepared but Majority is frightened of their health concern. Thanks sir

Even hrd minister wants postponement.But there is immense pressure on them from coaching mafias and private colleges

Comedk ke baad almost all my friends had fever and went in self quarantine. How Will they be able to give jee mains in 10 days?

My center is very far from my home. Its nearly 300km away . And there is no transport system available during this time.

reason:
I want to give exams i.e upsee and JEE but my mother, she is a heart valve patient ( aortic regurgitation ). Ik most us children can recover from this disease but what about my mother? who will ensure her health, i live with my father mother and i have one brother and sister. If they all get this disease the treatment here in noida is very expensive reaching cost of 1 lakh per day, we are middle class family sir, we cannot even afford that.






















